docs: add Linux capabilities config for pyroscope.java (#1788)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/pyroscope/pyroscope.java.md

}
```

## Additional Configuration for Linux Capabilities

If your Kubernetes environment has Linux capabilities enabled, configure the following in your Helm values to ensure `pyroscope.java` functions properly:

```yaml
alloy:
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 0
    runAsNonRoot: false
    capabilities:
      add:
        - PERFMON
        - SYS_PTRACE
        - SYS_RESOURCE
        - SYS_ADMIN
```
These capabilities enable Alloy to access performance monitoring subsystems, trace processes, override resource limits, and perform necessary system administration tasks for profiling.

> **Note:** Adjust capabilities based on your specific security requirements and environment, following the principle of least privilege.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Adjust capabilities based on your specific security requirements and environment, following the principle of least privilege.
{{< /admonition >}}

```

For more details, refer to [Restrictions/Limitations](https://github.com/async-profiler/async-profiler?tab=readme-ov-file#restrictionslimitations) in the async-profiler documentation.

## Additional Configuration for Linux Capabilities

If your Kubernetes environment has Linux capabilities enabled, configure the following in your Helm values to ensure `pyroscope.java` functions properly:

```yaml
alloy:
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 0
    runAsNonRoot: false
    capabilities:
      add:
        - PERFMON
        - SYS_PTRACE
        - SYS_RESOURCE
        - SYS_ADMIN
```

> These capabilities enable Alloy to access performance monitoring subsystems, trace processes, override resource limits, and perform necessary system administration tasks for profiling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These capabilities enable {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} to access performance monitoring subsystems, trace processes, override resource limits, and perform necessary system administration tasks for profiling.
```

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Adjust capabilities based on your specific security requirements and environment, following the principle of least privilege. Note that capability behavior depends on Container Runtime Interface (CRI) settings. For example, in Docker, non-whitelisted capabilities are dropped by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adjust capabilities based on your specific security requirements and environment, following the principle of least privilege.
The capability behavior depends on Container Runtime Interface (CRI) settings.
For example, in Docker, non-whitelisted capabilities are dropped by default.
```

For more details, refer to [Restrictions/Limitations](https://github.com/async-profiler/async-profiler?tab=readme-ov-file#restrictionslimitations) in the async-profiler documentation.

> ## Additional Configuration for Linux Capabilities

Reviewer 3: @clayton-cornell Documenting Linux capabilities has been a common request from SEs working with enterprise customers. In the future we might want to have a [standard](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/main/docs/developer/writing-component-documentation.md#page-structure) "Security" section where we document such things. We could also use that section for Windows permissions and Kubernetes RBAC config.

It's not a requirement for this PR though. Just a thought I wanted to mention, since other components will need such docs too.

Reviewer 2: Created an issue for this so it's not forgotten

If your Kubernetes environment has Linux capabilities enabled, configure the following in your Helm values to ensure `pyroscope.java` functions properly:

```yaml
alloy:
  securityContext:
    runAsUser: 0
    runAsNonRoot: false
    capabilities:
      add:
        - PERFMON
        - SYS_PTRACE
        - SYS_RESOURCE
        - SYS_ADMIN
```
These capabilities enable {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} to access performance monitoring subsystems, trace processes, override resource limits, and perform necessary system administration tasks for profiling.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Adjust capabilities based on your specific security requirements and environment, following the principle of least privilege.
The capability behavior depends on Container Runtime Interface (CRI) settings.

> For example, in Docker, non-whitelisted capabilities are dropped by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, in Docker, capabilities that are not on the allowlist are dropped by default.
```

We shouldn't use Blacklist or whitelist. https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#blacklist
